Our guys walk home in this lecture.
We are going to continue building the profile screen.
Okay.
Now we're going to do this right after this row, but still within the column.
And what we can just do.
We can create another row.
And as you know, the rule can take multiple widgets which are going to be displayed horizontally.
And for the first side of the row, it's going to be a column widget.
Colon and children.
And the first child of the colon is going to be a test.
And for now you're just going to say ten, ten and we can start this test.
Style.
Okay.
We can increase the font size to 20.
I think we need an addition.
Okay.
And also we can.
Cell phones, which.
Fonts width.
Got bored.
Okay.
Comer and within the role we can semi assess alignment may assess.
Men.
US's alignment top centre and newcomer use culture and save.
Okay.
And now we can have another test with that.
This is going to say following.
Following.
We could also study this and.
STI test sti.
Okay.
Fonts width.
Sorry, font size is going to be 20 as well.
And.
Can't wait.
The board.
Okay.
This and use control necessary and go check it out.
We also can just change the color to colors that maybe black.
And C is contrary necessary.
Okay.
We can see this maybe block 12 or something like that.
So you can say it's okay.
We can just go with the white color for now and.
Sorry.
Okay.
And now what we can basically just do is to copy this column in terms of I have to look over and paste
this.
Okay.
You can try and save.
And now we can give space between this first column and the order by having a size box sized.
Sighs.
So.
Size box and we accumulate the space horizontally.
So this is going to be width of maybe ten.
And how do you to cover.
In the say.
Okay.
And lastly, we can.
Had it, you know, cover and paste this again.
We can just go ahead and hire out the size box.
Size box.
I think we give ten.
Okay.
Which is going to be ten.
And.
Okay.
This is going to say likes.
Could.
You can see.
Looking great.